A description of what I wish for this project to become.
--------------------------------------------------------

Overall
I want it to be an easy, lightweight way for somebody to post something and receive feedback.

First we're going to begin by building a tool which can be used by presenters to allow feedback during their
presentations. They can include a link in their presentation (using the url shortener to make it simple) and receive
audience feedback, making their presentation more engaging.

It was inspired by a similar tool that my physics lecturer was using. This is designed to be much more lightweight,
simpler, and a little more manageable. Even though we were in a physics lecturer, the users were responding with useless
feedback. That includes me by the way. I remember submitting '#SixSeasonsAndAMovie' as an answer one time.

I want to help the presenter ensure that the presentation doesn't get derailed by first world anarchists like me.

That describes the inspiration. Eventually I would like for the website to have different functions. Live discussions
where users comment on live events, yes. Forums that include posts according to topics, that allow comments, yes.
Sending a link to a group chat as to whether you should were the light blue or dark blue shirt and allow them to vote,
yes! (I like the light blue one, but whatever, my friends are dumb)

I want it to be an easy, lightweight way for somebody to post something and receive feedback.

That sentence above really describes what I'm going for. I'm going to move it to the top, but also include it here too.
Don't worry I know I repeated myself.


Questions
The questions posted can be posted in a variety of ways. You should be able to ask a question anonymously, share the
link and receive anonymous answers. You should also be able to ask a question, secure it so only people with a password
or specific users can view it, and set the choices for responses, like a poll.

I want to give users a lot of options (eventually, we'll start of basic at first). These options include:
  - Password protection
    Protecting a question with a password. Users can only view the question and answers once they have entered the
    password.

  - Expiry
    Allowing questions to expire. We'll allow the user to choose the expiry (hours, weeks, months).

  - Different answer options
    Choosing the types of answers allowed. Allowing users to type in their answers, sure. Only allowing users to choose
    from a list of possible choices, sure. Allowing users to post anonymously, or require an account.

  - Answer visibility
    Only allowing the question owner to view answers. The question owner can choose whether they want a user to view the
    other answers. Allow question owner to remove answer (I don't want to allow this if I do extend the site to allow
    forum-capabilities).

  - User protection
    Only allowing specific users registered with the site to view answers.

  - Question encryption
    Added a consideration for this, because I'm not sure whether it will be practical. It's consideration n-1 (in this
    commit atleast). Encrypt the question and answer using a user-provided key.

  - Answer voting
    Allow users to vote on answer.

  - Make live
    Choose a time to make a question live. You can set a time e.g. 19:28 21/10/2015, or create a question, store it and
    choose when to make it live.

  - Survey
    Allow users to create surveys (which include multiple questions and answer sections).

  - Chaining
    This is similar to a survey. After responding to a question forward to a new question.

  - Multi-Authentication
    A user can protect multiple questions with one password, and if the user is authenticated against one of these, they
    will be authenticated for all of them. Especially useful if a presenter has multiple questions chained together.
